GREAT WHITE PEOPLE WHO MARCHED
GREAT WHITE PEOPLE W W WHO MARCHED
WITH THOSE GREAT BLACK LEADERS.
>> WHY DID YOU DECIDE TO RAISE
THE ISSUE OF GAY RIGHTS,
ESPECIALLY AMONG ATHLETES IN THE
LOCKER ROOM OR WHATEVER WITH
THIS PRESIDENT?
>> WELL, I THINK IT'S IMPORTANT
AS A BLACK MAN TO ALWAYS BE
INCLUSIVE.
I'M ALWAYS AGAINST ANY FORM OF
DISCRIMINATION.
I LEARNED THAT IN BILL RUSSELL.
AS A BLACK PLAYER, WE ALWAYS
WANT TO BE INCLUSIVE.
AND WE'VE ALL PLAYED WITH GAY
PLAYERS.
LISTEN, WE SHOULD NOT
DISCRIMINATE AGAINST ANYBODY.
AND I THINK IT'S AN INSULT TO
GAY PEOPLE TO THINK THAT THEY'RE
GOING TO BE LOOKING AT THEIR
TEAMMATES IN A SEXUAL WAY.
THAT'S AN INSULT TO ALL GAY MEN.
AND WE WELCOME THEM TO THE
LOCKER ROOM.
AND I WISH MR. SAM THE BEST.
AND I'M GLAD ATTORNEY GENERAL
HOLDER ANNOUNCED  TO THAT OTHER
SUBJECT YOU RAISED FOR A MOMENT.
GAY RIGHTS.
AND GAY BASKETBALL PLAYERS.
RIGHT NOW, AS FAR AS I KNOW --
YOU TELL ME -- THERE ARE NO
OPENLY GAY PLAYERS IN THE NBA.
I ASSUME THERE ARE SEVERAL GAYS
WHO ARE PLAYING IN THE NBA, BUT
THEY'RE NOT OPEN ABOUT IT.
WHEN THEY START COMING OUT AND
PLAYING ON ACTIVE ROSTERS, HOW
WILL THEY BE RECEIVED BY THEIR
TEAMMATES, CHARLES?
>> WELL, I THINK THEY'RE GOING
TO BE SAFE WITH THEIR TEAMMATES.
I THINK THE PUBLIC IN LARGE IS
MORE HOMOPHOBIC THAN GUYS IN THE
LOCKER ROOM.
I THINK WE AS PLAYERS GET A BAD
RAP.
IF YOU GO BACK AND LOOK AT THAT
MICHAEL SAM INTERVIEW, HE TOLD
HIS TEAM OVER THE SUMMER.
HE NEVER HAD AN ISSUE.
NONE OF THOSE PLAYERS OUTTED HIM
ON INSTAGRAM OR TWITTER OR OTHER
ALL THAT SOCIAL CRAP.
AND THAT WAS ANOTHER COLLEGE
PLAYER WHO CAME OUT ON HIS TEAM.
AND HE SAID HE WAS TREATED
GREAT.
I THINK PLAYERS ARE GOING TO
RESPECT EACH OTHER.
AND WE SHOULD RESPECT EACH
OTHER.